News spreads that a dragon was slain while away from his cave, a search for its unguarded hoard is underway.
A thief has stolen a powerful item from a lich and then joins the party for protection.
A wizard/collector wants a live troll to study.
Rat catchers are going missing under the city and a plague is spreading in their absence.
A local caster has summoned a creature that they cannot contain and it is destroying the area.
A charismatic charlatan claims (and has proof) to be the cousin/brother/son of one of the PCs.
A wandering merchant trades a pc for their magic item for a fake he claims is more powerful.
Shipments from a nearby mine have stopped when the PCs investigate they find the miners crazed and covered with red welts apparently from exposure to a new element they uncovered.
A white dragon is driving monsters from the north into the southern lands.
A planar rift has formed and outsiders are seeping through.
A powerful noble/wizard is hosting a masquerade ball where the guests are polymorphed into monster as their costume, but an actual monster attends to kill the noble/wizard.
A sorcerer has died of old age, strange things are creeping out of his tower as his spells, and dweomers break down.
A map has been found that leads to parts of an artifact that once reassembled, will summon a fiendish kraken.
The dead are rising as zombies one hour after their death.
Slavers are capturing peasants and merchants on the highway and selling them to mindflayers.
A shop/traveling merchant sells pets/familiars that are actually polymorphed people.
The PC’s are sent to find a hermit that lives on the “moving island”, a zircon/dragon turtle.
A traveling circus/faire comes to town and completely vanishes in the morning with several children.
An Ur priest cult is killing all the divine casters in the area.
Water drawn from a certain well is animating into water elementals/mephits.
An evil druid has taken up residence in the sewers and is waging a guerilla war on civilization.
Anyone who reads a cursed book, brought into town by an adventuring party, dies after reading it.
A killer is leaving rare flowers in the mouths of his victims.
A member of a planar cartographical society offers the PCs membership into the elite group if they can complete a scavenger hunt that leads them across several planes in one day.
A mysterious helmed/hooded/masked figure has forged an impressive army by bringing tribes of kobolds, goblins, orcs, and hobgoblins under one banner. The leader is actually a cleric disheartened by the lack of faith and respect of his flock and means to increase belief and prayer for his deity by leading an army of wolves against his flock.
The owner of a failing inn claims to have the entrance to a mysterious dungeon in his cellar hoping that the ruse will draw business from adventurers.
A pack of displacer beasts/displacer beast lord is preying on farm animals and farmers alike.
Two rival gangs are actually devils and demons fighting a Blood War battle on the city streets.
The daughter/apprentice of a caster that polymorphed himself into a golden cup and placed himself in the hoard of a green dragon in an attempt to learn more about dragons, but it has been weeks and he has not come home contacts the PCs.
Reports that a gold dragon is ravaging the countryside turn out to be true. The dragon, sick with a rare disease, has gone mad and must be stopped.
Grave robbers working for a necromancer are running out of graves and start looking for easy prey.
A “red” dragon demanding tributes from a village is actually an especially greedy copper dragon.
A killer is released from prison and the father of one of his victims stages a similar murder in the hopes of framing him.
A traveling “holy man” is selling relics that disappear in the morning.
The new judge is in fact a devil hoping to harvest souls for not guilty verdicts.
A logging camped is being haunted by the ghost of a treant/forest haunt and his dryad followers.
A band of fey has been stealing wine from a rural tavern.
A good and helpful aranea has been captured and tried for murder while the true culprit is a drider that resides close by.
A college that teaches science over magic opens and arcane casters start going missing.
Drug-related deaths lead the PCs to an evil alchemist.
The PCs are hired to retrieve a meteor, but find it is being worshipped by a tribe of goblins/orcs/lizardmen etc.
Several women in the area are pregnant under strange circumstances, an incubus is to blame.
An artifact is needed to avert a major catastrophe; its last known owner was Levistus the arch devil trapped within a glacier.
The PCs must find a rare herb only known to grow within Gith monasteries.
The PCs visit a strange village where all the people are simulacrums, an ancient wizards mark is seen everywhere.
The PCs are sent to a distant land to find an NPC that it turns out has been dead for 20 years.
The PCs must help a conflicted Erinyes to the Cradle of Creation (phb2) to be reborn into a non-evil body.
A map leading to the legendary Shield of Praetor has been found, it states that the shield is in the cave of a dracolich. The map was sent by the dracolich’s minions in the hopes of freeing their master who is sealed magically into his cave.
A local orphanage is actually run by a demonic cultist that sacrifices the weak children and raises the strong ones to be followers.
A powerful artifact that will allow teleportation through the layers of the abyss/hells has been uncovered and a race to claim it has begun. The PCs must beat the groups of devils and demons that see the artifact as a powerful tool to end the Blood War.
An overmatched Marut seeks assistance with a powerful lich/vampire/mummy.
Rumors of “The most powerful sword” lead the PCs to an evil, intelligent, dancing sword that can animate other weapons to fight for it.
The PCs are sent to a battlefield to retrieve a family heirloom from a missing soldier where a necromancer and his corpse collector golem are raising the fallen as undead.
A cult of Tiamat have discovered a spell that ages living creatures and they are trying to use it on dragon eggs to raise powerful allies.
The PCs are sent to deal with a raiding ogre that turns out to be a gnome illusionist.
The PCs are looking for an arrow used to slay a dragon a hundred years earlier, but when they pull the arrow from the dragon’s skeleton, it animates and attacks.
The PCs need the help/information of a treant that will only add them if they agree to be shrunk down to clear out an infestation of insects that invaded his roots.
The PCs are invited to a Three Dragon Ante tourney, either as guards, VIPs, or to play.
A lawful good lich (Monsters of Faerun) seeks the PCs to protect him from a zealous paladin on a quest to rid the world of undead.
Thieves have plundered a tomb and until his golden burial mask is returned, a ghost/ghast/specter will continue to kill innocent people.
A group of fire giants has taken up residence in an inactive volcano, their activity threatens to awaken the volcano and cause widespread devastation.
A grandmotherly, if slightly senile, NPC asks the players to rid her attic of rats. The rats are in fact a group of thieves trying to open a magical doorway left by the wizard that previously owned the home.
A monster seen roaming close to town is actually a cursed person and not evil.
The PCs find a genie in a bottle, but the genie agrees to help/grant wishes/serve only after the players travel to the City of Brass and save someone the genie cares about.
The PCs find a wounded angel that is being hunted by powerful outsiders.
A newly discovered dungeon is actually a complex trap to harvest souls/magic/life energy.
The PCs must break an innocent man from a complex magical prison.
Murders attributed to a small girl are being done by her doll, a slaymate (libris motris).
An ancient beholder has gone mad and his destroying the Underdark, driving monsters to the surface.
A gnome settlement has been overrun by Drow displacing hundreds of citizens.
A mad wizard has been selling potions that have poisonous/odd effects.
Mind flayers are draining people of their quintessence in hopes of using the substance to return to the far realm from which aberrations came.
A spelljammer has crashed in a remote forest/jungle and the inhabitants seek materials to repair their helm.
A foreign diplomat seeks the party’s monk to protect him on a mission to a country/city where magic and weapons are not allowed.
The tarrasque is wreaking havoc on the countryside and the party must slow it down until the champions (20th) can arrive, but the tarrasque is actually a simulacrum sent by an outsider/caster/etc. and not the real thing.
Cultist seek a tablet that depicts a ritual that will summon a Fist of Spite.
The party must save an NPC from the stomach demiplane of Dalmosh.
The guild master of the cooper’s guild wants to discredit the owner of a local winery with whom he has had an argument by poisoning his barrels.
A local sage/astronomer is convinced that a massive meteor is going to strike the kingdom/city/town.
The normally-inert gargoyles atop the temple/castle/mansion have animated and started attacking people who approach the building.
A group of bulettes is keeping anyone from entering or leaving the city/town/inn.
A doppelganger/changeling serial killer claims the identity of their most recent victim for one week before killing again.
A gnome settlement has been overrun by fiendish duergar led by a demon.
PCs seek out a powerful dwarven, smith who traded his soul to Asmodeus for unearthly crafting abilities. Before the smith will help the PCs, they must reclaim his soul from the arch devil.
The players find/are sent to a city that reflects the entire multiverse scaled down with a neutral inn in the center run by a power caster.
The PCs search for a legendary library that when found, has no books only the corpses of long-dead sages and librarian clerics that use speak with dead to obtain the knowledge.
The PCs need a party member/NPC raised from the dead but the only cleric powerful enough to do so has recently been turned by a vampire he was hunting
The PCs find/buy/are given a strange bag of holding that has a small pocket dimension inside it where a frightened caster hides. He/she created the bag to hide in and saw that it ended up in the PCs hands to keep it safe.
The PCs seek an answer/information from a forgotten bard. When they find him, he is a ghost and he will only help them if they give him peace by finishing his final poem/song/movement.
A chaotic good horselord (CAd) has led all the horses in the region/city/town away into the hills to freedom.
The huntsman of a local lord/mayor has kidnapped the NPC’s daughter, and only a highly trained tracker can follow the trail and find the girl.
An aged and grizzled warrior is going town to town offering his magic sword/shield/armor to any fighter that can best him in honorable combat.
After returning from a diplomatic journey, the noble/diplomat/prince/queen is acting strangely. The PCs are asked to look into it only to find that the NPC is a doppelganger/changeling/simulacrum/charmed/possessed.
A pair of ethereal filchers are stealing all the curative magic in the area/city/town.
The answer/riddle/name/code that the PCs require is etched onto the helm of a massive golem that paces a deadly dungeon.
Monthly full moon attacks are blamed on a good lycan, and are actually being carried out by a pack of Moon Rats.
Summoned Thoqqua threaten to compromise the structural integrity of the city/town/inn/dungeon/ as they melt tunnels through the ground below.
Centaur knights (phb2) are running any humanoid from their forest.
The PCs are sought by the patrons of a desert land where a despotic temple of cleric charges impossibly high rates for fresh water to people not of their faith
A temple has hired a large number of bards for a festival where music is to be played from sun up until sundown, the only problem is that no one recalls the obscure holiday because it is a ruse to mask the sound of tomb robbers breaking into sealed vaults below the church.
A xenophobic elvish lord has begun to arrest non-elves after his daughter eloped with a human.
Tiny dolls made of wheat sheaves are attacking the village at night, made by the children of the town being taught how to construct them by a night hag who disguises herself as a fairy godmother.
Three old ladies wander into town, and set up shop as adventurers, and knitting sweaters for their clients. Every quest the party goes on, they’ve somehow managed to skip to the end and defeat the big boss. Now they’re looking for a fight.
Two rival houses enlist the aid of the party in poisoning the leader of the other.
A rat catcher stumbles into the street and collapse. His body is covered in vicious bites. The terrified man can only speak a single, “Grokk”.
The PC’s fall asleep and are astral projected to an ancient alien temple/ruin/structure filled with bizarre traps, treasure, and creatures. If the survive they must try to find the great treasures, they left behind and the mystery of who sent them there.
A war has broken out between the guild of barber surgeons and a newly founded college of surgery. The city/town/region is in turmoil as the wounded flood temples and exhaust the resources of the clerics with mundane injuries.
A PC is trapped inside a Mirror of Life Trapping, and in freeing their party member, the players release a score of horrible creatures.
A fountain in a local park/garden is turning people’s tongues/hair/skin various colors as a precocious fey has taken up residence nearby.
A pit fiend will grant a wish to any who help him defect from the Bloodwar.
The books in a local temple/library/guild/shop have begun talking to one another, but never to people.
Seven townsfolk that disappeared seven years ago to the day have returned with no memory of where they have been.
The PC’s are hired to retrieve a valuable item from the flooded basement of a local inn/tavern/temple that has become invested with a swarm of angry, and very hungry, quippers.
The heraldic banner of an unknown lord/family/house flies in the middle of the town/city/fort and no one knows he planted it or why it is there.
A dim-witted flower seller is said to be wandering the city/town/region selling a rare and priceless, and believed to be extinct, flower known for its curative/magical properties for a copper each to the peasantry.
A jeweler is found murdered in his locked shop. A Necklace of Strangulation is the culprit.
A missing woodsman’s trail leads into the forest and ends next to a beautifully carved wooden throne that acts as a portal to the Feywild.
A troll spotted in the wilderness nearby is reported to speak common and offers sound advice to the terrified travelers that happen onto its path.
Every bird flown by the royal falconer disappears moments after being set loose.
Bards all over the region/town/city are being found turned to stone.
A wizard trapped for years on another plane/in stone/Imprisoned returns to find all his belongings sold off and he hires the PC’s to track down his notes/spellbook/research
The rare beasts being sold in town by a traveling merchant are just polymorphed cats that revert to their natural state an hour after purchase when the merchant is long gone.
The grave of a local hero has been desecrated and the corpse is missing.
A noble family’s new wet-nurse/servant is a member of a feuding family that goes back generations.
A famous playwright is found stabbed through the eye a week after being mysteriously arrested without cause.
A young maiden is drawing a fearsome red dragon on the cobblestones nearby and some villagers swear they’ve seen the dragon moving. What will happen when she finishes?
Panic ensues when every lock in the castle/city/town springs open at once as if from the Knock spell.
An antimagic field has appeared in the center of the town/city/temple and it is growing at an alarming rate.
A gang of valuable gladiators has escaped the fighting pits and must be captured alive.
An alluring belly dancer has been captivating crowds while her pickpocket lover robs them blind.
PC’s are drafted to lead an unprepared militia against a horde of orcs/gnolls/One Direction fans.
A sailing ship carrying the royal heir was destroyed by a kraken and the PC’s must recover the body, so he/she can be raised before the next in line can claim the throne.
Blood hawks have taken up nests in the town/city/temple/castle and are creating a nuisance as they protect their nests. Violence cannot be used as the blood hawk is the crest of a powerful noble/hero/family in the region.
Lizardmen/bullywugs have dammed a vital water source to create a new home as theirs has been claimed by a black dragon/band of harpies
All the player’s attuned items break their bonds with their owners
An arch mage needs help unleashing a plague of rust monsters on Dispater’s Iron Tower to rescue the Chalice of Heironeroius.
A NPC is convinced that their wife/husband is a doppelganger.
The city’s rat catchers are on strike and a plague threatens the populace is a diplomatic solution can’t be reached.
Cities are being raided by warforged marauders seeking something for their awakened iron golem “god”.
A dwarven hold has gone silent and ceased trading. Pc’s discover that the hold’s leaders have been replaced by simulacrums controlled by the Drow.
The pillars of the local temples want the PCs to kill or run off a mysterious cabal that is offering magical healing (and potions) for free.
The king/mayor/noble’s dog has run off to become the animal companion/familiar of a wandering ranger/wizard/druid and the PCs are offered a huge sum to return it at any cost.
A white, divine rank zero, stag has appeared in a local wood and the fey/elves/druids want to the PCs to help stop a band of orcs trying to claim the beast’s divinity for themselves.
As a newly opened university grows in size and influence divine and arcane magic in the area start to decline in effectiveness as local move towards science.
The king has died, and he was the only person who knew the location of the heir who was placed in status to protect him/her from political rivals.
A curse/plague/ randomly changes the language of everyone affected.
A thief running from the law hides in a manor house occupied by two sisters. The sisters turn out to be vampires/cultists/witches and kill him. Now the thieves’ guild hires the PCs to recover the stolen item from the manor.
Something is eating missionaries who are building a temple in a nearby swamp.
Each new moon, one of the players is contacted telepathically by an entity claiming to be trapped on the dark side of the moon.
You are invited to dinner/drinks by an old friend who keeps steering the conversation to a seemingly irrelevant item you acquired years ago on an adventure. He/she seem obsessed with finding the item, though they are evasion if questioned.
The party must obtain a recently crash meteorite made of adamantine that is currently being worshipped by a tribe of monstrous beings.
A minotaur was victimized by a wizard, and now he will hire you to lead him through his own labyrinth to his treasures.
A painter has been using magic to easily duplicate his own paintings to sell as originals. But a fowl art critic with a penchant for theatrics is on to him and has sworn to reveal the secret unless he is permitted to marry the artist’s only daughter. The artist hires you to eliminate the critic who knows too much.
The sun set 26 hours ago. The world is in panic. The Drow are invading, and only the heroes can stop them.
A madman who thinks he is a prophet is slaughtering the livestock of the local farmers in the hopes that it will bring forth Ibanirox, the Night Eater, a long forgotten (and made up) deity of immense power. The farmers offer the group 20 gold or 3 cows per adventurer.
A theatre director hires the party to keep his lead actor (who is marked for death by a crime syndicate) alive long enough to perform in front of a powerful monarch. The assassins attempt to make his death scene a real one.
A tribe of kobolds has taken up residence in the sewers and has been hunting dogs and cats as food.
The pc’s are sent after a powerful artifact/weapon that will make their patron unstoppable.
The pc’s are hired by a Gensai sorceress to recover her mephit familiar from an enemy.
A character notices an error in a broadsheet posted in the city square, and quickly realizes that the paper has been forged to deflect guilt from a minor noble. The noble hires thugs to “dissuade” the party from investigating further by stealing some of their gear and shifting their attention to the thieves.
Mind flayers are performing perverse rituals on local orc tribes and granting them psionic abilities. The party must find and destroy them before psionic orcs destroy the kingdom.
Ancient prophecies predict that a star will fall at a precise location on a certain day. Whoever is first to grasp the star will receive a wish. Various dark factions camp and await the coming of the star, intent on making their wish.
A devil/caster/demon/warlock has set a fire using hell fire and it can only be quenched by the waters from a spring in Celestia
A Devil prince coerces you to sabotage the wedding of one of his political rivals.
A besieged city holds a tournament to mock their enemies. The King asks you to sneak into the city and win the tournament to demoralize them.
A wizard believes he has discovered the location of the wreckage of a legendary battleship, but so has his rival. You must recover the arcane weaponry from the wreck before the opposing team does.
You are hired to perform a filibuster in the legislative body of a monstrous nation. It proves dangerous.
An ancient and complex prison facility for extraplanar criminals is malfunctioning. The party must repair it as a group of imps attempts to use the facility against them.
The party is sent to investigate the disappearance of a missionary cleric in a vast and dark jungle. Investigation reveals that the cleric has instead been converted by the demon-worshiping jungle people and now mobilizes them against his former mission.
Gnolls have dug up the severed head of a lich in the desert, and it has promised them great power if they reunite him with his body.
A band of Drow (or similarly evil humanoids) comes to town claiming to be not evil and seeking asylum.
Ghostly dryads haunt the grove where their tree was destroyed and they can only be put to rest if the grove is replanted.
A werewolf, seemingly immune to wolfs bane and silver terrorizes a village. He is in fact a barghest.
A ruined tower is in fact a colossal animated object.
A yeth hound poses as a wounded blink dog.
The pc’s seek an item buried within a grove sacred to a centaur tribe.
A delver tunneling under the city is causing earthquakes.
The characters are sent to a primitive island to retrieve an item/find a treasure/seek an npc. The island is filled with dinosaurs, near-humanoids, and dire animals. As the pc’s explore the island they begin to devolve, as do their animal companions, mounts, familiars, etc.
The mayor, sheriff, high priest, has been replaced by doppelgangers.
A white dragon is freezing ships and carrying them off to his glacial home.
A major port is now home to spawning dragon turtles.
Dryads have taken loggers hostage.
All news and shipments from a dwarven stronghold have stopped; the king frees a Duergar attack.
Ettercaps have poisoned village children and carried them off, the pc’s know they have a limited window in which to rescue the children before they are eaten (as ettercaps like to let their dinner hang and liquefy before eating).
Hippogriffs, run off their mountain roosts by a red dragon, have begun devouring cattle.
All the townspeople in a village have contracted lycanthropy and become were-moose at the full moon. The group must discover that the alchemist upstream of the village’s water supply has been experimenting with dangerous chemicals to turn his beloved pet albino moose, Alabaster, into a sentient best friend.
The pc’s break a law in an unjust and evil land while doing something good, but are later pursued by a zelekhut for their actions.
The elementals that power a dwarven forge have broken free and must be captured without harming them.
A thief tells the party about a dragon graveyard that contains the treasure of a dozen hoards, but is haunted by ghostly-dragon guardians.
The pc’s require the help of a lillend, but she refuses unless the party’s bard can impress her with his musical abilities.
Ice mephits have frozen the town’s well.
Merfolk are waylaying ships from traveling over a sacred coral reef.
A gelatinous cube, used to eat waste, has escaped the sewer and must be lured back down.
Drunken satyrs have carried off a number of women from the village.
Will o’ the Wisps are luring people to their swamp.
All the animals in the village have collected on a hill nearby and refused to come down.
A splinter cult of Drow are kidnapping townspeople and sacrificing them to a powerful aranea sorceress, they worship as an avatar of Loth.
The pc’s hired by a local politician that fears he will be poisoned at an upcoming banquet.
Thieves have stolen dragon eggs and put the entire town in jeopardy as the angry mother wreaks havoc.
The “haunted forest” is actually filled with awakened creatures.
A mage’s guild seeks thieves to steal an artifact that will hamper the use of magic. They plan to use it to control all magic in the city.
A stray cat taken in by the pc’s is the familiar of an enemy spell-caster.
Mongrelmen living under the city are demanding citizenship and full rights.
The local wizard’s college wants to hire the pc’s to capture some new familiars.
A con artist posing as a priest is fleecing peasants.
The pc’s must stop an angry mob from attacking a peaceful tribe of orcs.
A glacier has been discovered with an enormous, nightmarish creature inside and the ice is beginning to melt.
The pc’s are asked to serve as guardian to a young noble whose parents have been killed.
The pc’s must smuggle a message into a besieged city.
A dying dragon holds a contest to give away pieces from its hoard.
Lizardman-half-Mindflayers are being spotted in the marshes outside town.
A vigilante is killing evil criminals in town. The party is hired to capture him, while the people view him as a hero and champion of good despite his methods.
Something has driven all the game from the kings hunting grounds.
Prisoners are being sold to mindflayers.
Marble carved from a newfound quarry is animating.
The prison has been taken over by the prisoners.
When the well goes dry, the villagers discover a glowing portal to Sigil.
A wizard/engineer wants help capturing elementals to power airships.
A wizard polymorphed into a chimera is attacking caravans.
The pc’s must acquire an artifact from the hoard of a fiendish-black dragon that resides in the swamps of Othrys on the plane of Carceri.
People are disappearing and paintings of the missing are showing up in the inn/temple/manor.
Fiendish weasels are terrorizing a farmers chicken coop. The family is on the edge of hunger and ruin.
A group of wild elves hire the pc’s to escort their clan to a new home in the Beastlands.
Something is causing the dead to rise from the local cemetery.
After a dark omen all cure spells function as inflict spells.
Wererats are stealing children and infecting them with lycanthropy.
After a Drow priestess is hanged, women in the city begin giving birth to spiders.
The pc’s encounter a strange man on the road how casts a spell on them/gives them a potion, shortly after they arrive in town to see (with their arcane sight) that half the town are actually changelings.
A farmer finds a possessed tablet in his field and begins going on a killing rampage.
The city’s most powerful adventurers return from questing in a temple of Tharzidun.
A child has been bitten by a rare spider, and the only antidote requires some of the spiders venom.
A vampiric bard is dining on the finest artists in town.
A pc learns that his family lost a powerful legacy item to a dragon. The item is still in the dragon’s hoard.
The party is left to raise a brood of silver dragon wyrmlings after their mother is slain.
A child is possessed by a demon and must be exorcised.
The pc’s are shipwrecked and must build a raft to escape.
A child in the slums is spouting doomsday prophecies and is gathering a large following.
The pc’s are drugged and forced into naval service by a violent press-gang.
The party’s warriors are invited to participate in the alabaster cup (Com. Warrior).
The party is approached by an npc that claims to have detailed evidence of an assassination plot. The npc even shows them plans that he stole from the assassin. After the attempt is made, the pc’s are framed and they detailed evidence is found in their room at the inn.
An awaken golem is creating an army of warforged to wipe the lands free of living beings.
A barbarian horde threatens to invade unless someone can defeat their leader in single combat.
The new mayor of a rural village is a Rakshasa.
A massive egg has appeared in the village square and cracks are forming.
Each night eerie organ music can be heard from the ruin manor on the hill; in the morning, a townsperson is missing.
Lightning continues to strike the same gravestone every night for the last week.
A wizard, pretending to be goodly, hires the pc’s to retrieve his “stolen” spell book from a rival.
Cultists have obtained a scroll of Crushing Fist of Spite (BoVD) and intend on releasing it on the countryside.
A party member’s soul has been purchased/stolen/bartered for, by Asmodeus and the party must debate the Devil lord to get it back.
A gnoll army sweeps from the north, their leader wields what appears to be the Triple Flail of Yeenoghu, Demon Prince of Gnolls.
A Cauldron of Zombie Spewing (BoVD) has been unearthed in an ancient ruin by clerics of Neurull.
A mad cleric has resurrected the stuffed monster in the party’s favorite inn.
Feat of endurance – longish obstacle course or mini-marathon. The only trick is that you must drink a mouthful of water and return the same amount of liquid from your mouth after the event. That or with a raw egg not breaking the egg for the duration the test.
A flock of Harpies have roosted in the local orchard and are not allowing the villagers to get the ripe fruit. They are desperate for help before the harpies eat all the fruit or before it goes off.
A local shrine despite being heavily protected by a series of intricate traps was recently pillaged. Catch the thief, mete out justice in such a way to deter the thief doing it again. Return the artifact to the shrine and reset all the traps.
A bask of crocodiles have moved further upstream and are creating a problem for the local fishermen. Its twofold: The fish are not coming as far down the river anymore and secondly the fishermen are being maimed and its ruining the local economy and diets.  The problem needs investigating and sorting out.
As a result of a gold rush, a settlement has popped up seemingly out of nowhere. With no law enforcement going on it’s a regular frontier type town where might is right and deaths can happen daily.  Work a solution.
On the eve on her wedding the chief’s daughter has gone missing. The wedding is to bring together two tribes that have been bitter entrenched enemies for many years. The ceremony has been planned for in advance and it has taken many months for some of the guests to even arrive for the momentous occasion. It’s the one thing that both tribes can agree on as a necessity for moving forward.  Even better is the fact that the bride & groom love each other deeply. A failure now would be catastrophic.
A local Witch doctor claims god like powers and indeed the last few folks who have gone against him have died in mysterious conditions. He is now demanding tribute from your village [and the other surrounding villages].  You are their last chance before having to pay a tribute that cannot afford.
The village chief has died in mysterious circumstance. The only evidence is the arrow from a local tribe who for years have remained friendly and even helpful in droughts and poor harvests. Investigate for the killer and seek justice / revenge.
As a rite of passage, you must face your deepest fears. This is so that no fear nor enemy may best you through your weaknesses. Your fears include claustrophobia and arachnophobia. You have been sealed into the cave warren know to host very large spiders.  Not only are you to survive a ten day there, you are to do so taking no provisions in with you.
The chief’s son is coming of age and soon to start the training cycle to take over from his father. Trouble is that the chief only recognizes now that the son is a spoilt brat and without tempering without make a disastrous leader.  You have been charged with making a ‘’man out of him’’
A friend of yours is jailed for committing some heinous crimes. You have known him as a brother knows a brother and you simply can’t believe the charges being leveled at him. You undertake to learn the full story and work towards his acquittal.
The locals have taken to eating some of the newer imported foods coming into the region. Local businesses are going bankrupt and you are certain that foul play is involved.  The folks who should seem the obvious culprits have no evidence stacked against them and it’s all at a dead end. Step in and resolve it.
A winter flood has wiped out the entire south defenses from a village and they need it repairing before spring arrives. The woodcutters and other laborers can’t complete their tasks on time due to local wildlife getting hungry for manflesh.
A burly orc has moved into a hamlet unchallenged and has made the residents his private slaves. Liberate them.
The Townmaster is having a hard time collecting the all the taxes from the villagers and seeks someone to ‘’encourage’’ them to pay up.
Local sheep farmers are having wolf problems and are losing more stock than normal. If someone doesn’t help soon there will be no more sheep to tend.
A particularly large tree has fallen in a recent bad storm. It covers the entirety of the path and then some either side.  The villagers on that trade route are seeking help with either moving the tree or carving a new path out of the existing forest.
A black dragon wyrmling has taken up residence under the only bridge route in and out of the town, capriciously eating from and threatening traders at random. The traders to the town are getting rarer and the food and supplies situation is getting desperate.
You are sent out to the plains in the start of autumn, wearing only a loincloth and are expected to have caught, cleaned and created your own leather armor before winter fully sets in.
Winter has set in and an unexpected fire has wiped out most of the grain stock. You must traverse the mountain pass to beg or barter grain from the village beyond the mountain for your village to survive the winter.
Your keep has been taken over by a necromancer and your servants are now an undead force under his command.
You are conscripted by a paladin task force to assist them with purging a demon hiding in a city.
Your old retired guard mates have convinced you to go on a dungeon delve with them.
A meteor was spotted falling deep in the northern steppes. An armorsmith is promising a reward to anyone who can bring to him any metal found in the impact crater so he can experiment.
You are tasked with training a squad of rookies and have them hunt down a troll that’s been terrorizing the farmlands as their first mission.
Once every a thousand years, a demon trapped in ice manages to get free.Your bloodline is dedicated to making sure the demon is kept in check. There are signs that the demon will attempt to free itself soon.
You have been requested to represent a noble as their champion in a tournament or a duel.
A rich noble’s children have been kidnapped and are being held for ransom. He suspects the kidnappers are not going to hold up their end of the bargain, and requests you to come up with a plan to rescue them.
A group of halfling entertainers have been attacked and kidnapped by orcs while going to a city that has hired them for their annual celebration of the city’s founding. The mayor of the city hires you to go to the abandoned tower not far from the city where the halflings may be held.
Someone is killing ex members of the mercenary guild you used to be a member of.
You receive a parcel that contains a sword hilt and a map.
A gang of wererats is terrorizing the city. There is a bounty for their capture but you will have to go into the sewers.
A noble has made arrangements that, after their unavoidable assassination, she would be resurrected at the local temple. However, the cleric that has taken the task to resurrect them must reach the temple alive, because the assassin is still on the hunt.
A prisoner’s last request before the execution is to talk to you. They tell you they are innocent and are being framed by the captain of the guard.
A magical storm has rendered all the magical defenses of the city useless and the wizards sitting on their hands. Now the city is under siege and you have to escape and find the source of the storm.
A wizard and a sorcerer have a disagreement on whose magic is “better”, so they want to conscript someone who doesn’t know magic as an impartial judge
The rite of passage for a league of adventurers is to pass through a dangerous mechanical gauntlet filled with traps and puzzles, meant to hone both the mental and
physical abilities of the trainees. However, something went wrong and the gauntlet’s already high difficulty has been “cranked up to 11”
You have been hired by a conclave of very old and grumpy wizards as their bodyguard, luggage carrier, and gopher while they have their centennial reunion. One of the events during the reunion is to “visit” an old associate’s home, that turn out to be a lich and a tomb respectively. However, at this point you are not sure whether the lich is more dangerous than the crazy old wizards.
You take up a job of investigating a fishing village that has gone silent. When you arrive there are no signs of life. Searching the houses you find a journal talking about a whaling ship anchoring to the harbor with a fresh catch, and a series of disturbing events that follow. The last entry is torn out.
A gnome couple hire almost every adventurer in town. They then reveal themselves to be bronze dragons that wants to move their eggs to another lair but are afraid an old nemesis will interfere.
There is a dispute among the blacksmiths, someone is stealing their tools, all of them are blaming each other rather then look for real evidence.
There is someone going around doing the most evil thing of all, going into nobleman’s houses… and shaving their beards off when they sleep. Many nobles are too afraid to show their disgusting and beardless faces.
After digging what the lesser races would call… too deep… the dwarf mines have found both a gold vein and a shrine to a demon lord. Go get rid of the shrine and cultists so they can get the mines reopen.
Clearing out the mines. Some goblins/bug things/dragon clawed into the tunnels and it needs to be sorted out.
Quick gather some wheat in order to make and forge legendary dwarvish bread weapons. Then quickly distribute them in order to defend against the mildly irritating rat king.
Rediscover a forgotten dwarven form of magic called Stone Singing. Need to find a race of friendly elementals long separated from the dwarven people, you could use Galeb Duhr instead of elementals.
A gnome entrepreneur has come to the dwarf halls with a small team of Apparatus of Kwalish that have been re-purposed for mining, the local miners want to hire the PCs to sabotage the machines and the Gnome wants to hire the PCs to protect the devices from saboteurs.
Dwarves have a fairly high mushroom intake in their diet. Their mushroom caverns have been poisoned and the PCs are tasked with finding out why. (Druids who hate mineral extraction from the earth, Myconoids trying to awaken their fodder cousins leaving them poisonous, Duergar plot to kill their kind-hearted cousins, the gnome from the last hook re-purposed his Apparatus to harvest mushrooms is leaving them inedible)
A dwarven Ale Meister hires the PCs to delve into a lost dwarven hall that legend says holds the recipe to some sort of ambrosia-beer so that he might win an upcoming competition and solidify his name as the greatest Ale Meister in all the halls. Why was the hall lost? Pick an underdark race (Duergar, Drow, Neogi, and Tsochar tend to make more sense than the more food-centric like Mind Flayers or alien like Grell and Aboleth…though pretty much anything will work)
The Dwarf mine in the volcano has been dug too deep and has freed an ancient demon.
The Dwarves throw a feast for the party at the end of a different adventure and at the party someone dies. To prevent the unknown murderer from escaping the Dwarves lock down the house/manor/keep and the players must help to solve the mystery since Dwarves don’t really make good detectives.
The Dwarves are besieged by a gigantic army from the Underdark, they have been guarding the only entrance to the Underdark in the area and if they fall the unprepared races/kingdoms they have been protecting for centuries will surely fall.
Old man Worcestershire at the bar has a map to a rumored treasure deep beneath the volcano, but doesn’t have funds or warriors willing to go after it as it is supposedly guarded by undead/demons.
The lord of the city is rumored to have been killed and replaced with a doppleganger. A local guard thought he saw the lord change skin, but he can’t be sure. He approaches the party for help with the matter.
A townswoman has been hearing strange rattling and moans coming from the abandoned house next door. She asks the party to investigate.
Two opposing tailors each have half of the finest pair of pants ever created. You have been hired to repair the pants and reunite the halves.
The library has been infested with small mimics disguised as books. Exterminate them.
Through less-than-reputable channels, the party hears about a plan to hunt a small roving group of purple worms. The local crime syndicate wants the precious and hard to obtain organs and blood from the worms. The local city guard wants the location of the nest discovered and reported and nothing more.
A noble requests that the party deliver a small package. Around ten minutes after the package is delivered, someone approaches the party and asks where their package is, providing valid identification.
A city watchman requests the party’s help in setting up a sting. If the party agrees, the operation begins, but when the target arrives, at least one member of the party recognizes the target and believes them to be innocent.
Warlock-Sibling Rivalry. Your patron has grown bored and decided to pit you against another of their favored warlocks, in a race to complete a series of increasingly dangerous requests.
Unwelcome Wagon. Due to recent cult activity (and what really amounts to closed-mindedness!), an edict from local administration has been issued, ordering the removal of those who have pacts with otherworldly entities.
Two Weeks Notice. Your patron abruptly sends you a message: in two weeks time, the powers you had been granted will be rescinded unless you can convince them otherwise with a grand gesture.
It’s In You To Give. Your patron has sent omens to you indicating that it’s time for their centennial blood drive! You need several gallons of blood to sacrifice to them, but you’ve been given a lot of freedom to interpret exactly how the blood should be obtained…
The Kids Aren’t Alright. A group of local schoolchildren have discovered an Eldritch tome, causing a litany of bizarre occurrences to fall upon the settlement. You recognize those occurrences as omens of a disturbing event that could come to pass should the tome not be stored safely.
They Walk Among Us. Your patron has decided to take a vacation on the material plane and has requested you be the ‘tour guide’ for their clueless avatar.
Which One Do I Shoot? A con-artist has stolen your identity and invoked your patron in inappropriate ways. You must find the imposter and clear your name.
Mr. Sandman. You come upon a sleepy small town — where no one will wake up! Try as you might, all the townsfolk are locked in an unending slumber. And on top of that, you discover that drawing upon your eldritch magic here causes you to have strange, dreamlike visions.
Best In Show. The annual Westmarch Familiar Show is happening soon, and warlocks from all over will be attending to celebrate the sport and glory of purebred familiars. This year, your (second) sight is set on the coveted Best In Show trophy!
Face on the Milk Carton. Your familiar has gone missing, and even the Find Familiar spell fails automatically when you try to cast it. You must now seek answers to the bizarre disappearance of your trusted friend.
Groundhog Daze. Your patron has become mad at you for a reason you don’t understand. As punishment, you and your friends have been trapped in a horrific demiplane where you’re forced to relive the same day over and over again until you understand what you’ve done wrong.
Night at the Arboretum. You’ve been tasked with ‘acquiring’ a rare magical herb from an arboretum. But when the light of the full moon falls through the skylights, you’re shocked to see the plants come to life — and they’re hungry!
Love Shack. A disembodied voice wakes you up to an unknown environment and begins to narrate your actions. You find yourself in a strange locked keep, along with several other confused individuals. No one remembers how they got here, but the voice is encouraging everyone to find true love.
Last Destination. You begin to experience visions of the imminent deaths of various people around you. You can warn them and change fate, but when you cheat death, there is a price to be paid.
Dancing Fever. A curse has befallen a small town, where everyone has become unable to stop dancing. You’ve been asked to employ your knowledge of curses and try to root out the cause of this strange malady.
The Hills Have Eyes and At Least Three Mouths. The superstitious townspeople insist that a strange aberration is living in the hills behind the town. You’ve decided to take it upon yourself to prove to them that such a strange creature couldn’t possibly exist — but you’re in for a terrible surprise.
Harassed By An Angel. One of the mightiest of celestial beings – an angel – has come from on High to teach people the error of their ways. And to your great annoyance, they’ve decided to make you their pet project.
Big Trouble In Little Waterdeep. A group of tiny people from a strange tiny version of your plane of existence have summoned you – a giant – to help them overthrow the horrific creatures that plague them.
Seven Hags for Seven Brothers? A forlorn green hag has approached you with a problem: each of her sisters is engaged to be wed in a massive wedding ceremony, and she needs help finding a spouse fast.
Scruffy the Vampire Slayer. An elderly town busybody frequently insists that they are a notorious vampire slayer. No one believes them, but when bodies with twin bite marks on the neck start showing up all over town, you’re forced to turn to them for help.
Racial tensions rise when the beornings raise the price of honey at market day, blaming the human village for a mysterious illness among the bees.
A boy with unexplained powers is blamed for the village’s misfortune, and will be burned at the stake at first light if no one intervenes.
An important bridge across a misty ravine has collapsed, and the work crew sent to rebuild it has disappeared, leaving grisly clues behind.
A bitter nobleman hires the party to help spy on his romantic rival, who has dark secrets he will do anything to conceal.
At an orc-dwarf treaty signing brokered by humans, a high-ranking officer of the dwarvish iron mining guild is found murdered, threatening a fragile peace.
A wealthy merchant’s impetuous and spoiled son craves adventure, and wants to investigate an abandoned keep rumored to be haunted. The merchant will pay the party handsomely to see that the boy stays out of trouble.
A rash of unexplained murders at the university is causing panic, as construction begins on a new campus library.
Dark dreams plague an aging duke, even as, one by one, his rivals die mysteriously in the night. The duchess hires the party to watch over him, in case he is next to be killed.
The old hermit in the hills was once a renowned healer, they say. Perhaps he will know how to stop the strange fever that began near the crypts.
A dangerous relic of the Old People is found in a tunnel, awakening an eons-old evil that could end the world a second time.
During a lightning storm, a castaway from another world appears, wielding strange weapons and arcane powers. But her troubles have followed her to your world, and sending her back requires the party to make some dark choices.
A new prophet has arisen among the human population, preaching a fanatical religion of blood and fire. But who… or what… are they really worshiping?
Passing by an ancient circle of standing stones, you are stricken by excruciating pain, and the knowledge that something terrible is slowly clawing its way into your world.
The newly pious king outlaws magic and other “heresies”, upon pain of death. Help smuggle a small group of elderly wizards out of the kingdom before the king’s inquisitors can find them.
You are approached by an old adventurer who says they are your future self, and asks you to commit a seemingly horrific crime to change future events for the better.
One of the king’s most trusted advisors is discovered to be a vampire, revealing a terrifying plot centuries in the planning.
When an artificer is arrested by the crown’s inquisitors, a device which detects beings of magical nature falls into the hands of the authorities.
A powerful wizard from the Academy challenges you to a magical duel, seeking to prove once and for all the superiority of academic magic over sorcery.
An old friend of the party, who retired from adventuring after losing a hand, is framed for a murder he could not have committed.
The recent crop blight and plague of strange monsters is traced back to a glowing object, which exudes magical energy too deadly for mortals to approach. The local baron is determined to possess it for himself.
A local alchemist is indeed of reagents and ingredients for a new potion. They are willing to share the results with you, but the location of the ingredients lead to an abandoned mine.
An experiment has gone awry, you must search for clues to learn what happened to the missing arcanist’s research and their location.
A group of renegade mages is causing havoc across several villages, innocents have been harmed, and some have declared themselves de facto rulers in these townships.
There is a village that appears once every 50 years, today is the day it returns again, and possibly your last chance to break the curse that binds the village and its people.
Strange occurrences have happened near a small city, stories of creatures made of fire and rock are said to roam in the countryside, the party is hired to put a stop to the creatures and whatever is causing them to spawn.
You found a piece of a broken gemstone with odd markings, further research concluded that it was part of a larger stone that would unlock greater powers if combined.
You are hired for your arcane skills to help escort an important dignitary across hostile territory, utilizing your cunning and magical spells to pass undetected across open road.
Stories of ancient runes have peaked your interest to a remote mining town in the mountains, some believe that the writings dictate the location of a hidden tomb.
You were recruited by a former colleague to identify and possibly discover the properties of a recently discovered relic, but you learn that dangerous thieves seek to acquire the item.
You and your former colleagues from the academy meet for a class reunion, and you learn that one of your members was recently murdered at the function.
Your party has been hired as militia for a small kingdom, you are tasked with providing tactical assistance from anti-infantry measures to covert operations.
Legends speak of a mighty and powerful dragon that resides within a misty vale, said to possess ancient knowledge from ages past, the journey alone is treacherous enough.
You have been challenged to a magical duel by a rival wizard you’ve met across many years, the day before the fateful match, you learn that your opponent was murdered and the first suspect.
You have been commissioned by a local blacksmith to decipher a series of runes etched on a recently acquired suit of armor, but you realize the runes are from a dead civilization many assumed to be a myth.
Your party has been hired for an expedition into a dangerous ruin full of ancient traps and deadly arcane wards, but the area makes magic unstable when cast.
An odd curse has befallen one of your party members, causing them to age younger with each passing day, soon they will cease to exist unless you can find the source and reverse it.
You seek entry to an acclaimed library said to house the world’s knowledge but in order to enter, you must present a book or piece of written work of near priceless quality.
You found a skull inhabited but a spirit of intellect that possesses massive stores of knowledge, during your inquiries, you hear of a mystical tome that belonged to a powerful archwizard that has been deceased for centuries.
In your studies, you learn that certain stars and constellations align once every few hundred years that bring results in calamity and destruction, and that the event was approaching within one week.
A coalition of sheep herders hires you and your party to help prevent more missing sheep at night, some have suggested that you use magic to disguise the sheep.
An orc war band has made camp near the capital city. You then learn the Chief of the Town is making a deal with them.
An angel sends you to the Underdark to retrieve an ancient celestial tome.
The Thieves’ Guild steals your mount from the stables. You realize you have to shut them down!
After returning from an adventure, you find your castle is overrun by constructs.
The king asks you to watch over his castle while he’s away. His floating castle!
Undead creatures have overrun your hometown and your mother is missing.
Your allies suspect a large ship in the harbor is being used by slavers.
You must travel to Hell and rescue a stranded group of knights.
You learn a vampire has secretly become the leader of a large city.
The love of your life has made a deal with an arch fey. You must travel to the land of the fey to deal with the situation.
You are tasked with protecting a caravan through an area overrun by undead.
You must escort a dangerous prisoner to the king’s dungeon.
Your child runs away and joins an evil knighthood.
A silver dragon asks to be protected from an evil adventuring party.
Your deity sends you on a journey to another plane to retrieve a legendary magical item.
A priest at your temple disappears during the full moon.
You find out a spy has infiltrated a local jousting competition.
The local Fighters’ Guild is accused of working for an evil lord.
Your deity has found the ‘chosen one’. You must escort the young apprentice across the kingdom to the Great Temple.
Merchants complain that a cult of devil-worshippers are stealing their business.
Heaven’s Got A Back Door. You are startled awake in the middle of the night. The textures and shapes of a vivid dream cling to your memory. You recall an angel crying out on this plane of existence in a location that is known to you from earlier in your life. You fear the mission the angel was sent to complete by your chosen god did not go as planned, and the celestial is somehow trapped – unable to return to the heavens. The deva’s name, Dalphos, continues to ring in your ears, and you feel compelled to either assist the celestial – or vanquish it if it has lost its way from your chosen deity.
Monumental Holiday. The town typically celebrates the arrival of the harvest moon, though the mood is currently somber. The people fear a poor crop as the surrounding lands have become suddenly less fertile than previous years, and the current church elder, Priestess Aina, has fallen ill with mysterious symptoms including hallucinations. You have been asked by the local church to cure Priestess Aina, if possible, and provide a blessing prior to the feast to soothe the townsfolk.
Face to Face. A famous temple has a pair of intricately carved statues of Ioun and Erathis. The 3-foot-high jade statues have faced each other at the foot of the altar for centuries, promoting harmony and peace. Last month, the statue of Erathis vanished and wickedness and lawlessness seem to be infecting those that previously worshiped at the temple. You have been asked to find the statue and return it to the temple.
Blue Was the Beautiful You. The normal clear skies and bright sun of the desert realm have given way to hellacious storms and fierce lightning strikes. Religious historians can only point to ancient legend for an explanation of the current climate. The myths indicate a mischievous blue dragon, Argangrath, roamed these lands and shaped it and the people to its will only to rest when it found a suitable home. You and your experienced companions have been asked to determine if Argangrath is once again active and learn what the trickster dragon desires to end the vicious weather.
For You I Am. You have been referred to an old woman, Rozenn, that has been seeking aid from various religious and arcane sources. She describes how she was gravely ill many decades ago and feared losing time with her spouse. She tells you how she came to make a bargain with a demon for renewed health and vigor so she could enjoy her life with family and friends. Rozenn has now outlived all the people she cared for and is ready for her life to be over. However, she does not die – and feels cursed each day she survives. She asks you to help her find a way out of the demon’s bargain so she can die peacefully.
We Are What You Say. A religious cult has been gaining momentum as more followers give up their livelihood and possessions to pledge allegiance to the cult’s charismatic leader, Exalted the Red. The cult’s humble beginnings have blossomed to feature elaborate rituals featuring animal sacrifice, and the cult members have become bolder with recruitment. You have been tasked with investigating the cult and learning the true purpose of Exalted the Red.
Feel Right at Home. You and your companions have been invited to a banquet to celebrate the recent renovation of your god’s place of worship in the city. The benefactor of the renovations is the well-respected Baron Ehsan, who seems thrilled to spread his wealth on worthy causes for the good of the people. This facade hides the fact that he is a vampire that preys on the homeless and other lost souls in the evening hours.
Dear Love. A distraught man, Tomas, is heard speaking with a priest in your god’s place of worship. He laments that he continues to receive letters addressed to his daughter, Oliva, who died months ago. The letters are from her romantic partner who remains unconvinced that she is dead. Each new letter is a reminder of his loss, and it plunges him into a pit of sadness. He is asking for someone to travel to her romantic partner’s town to plead with her to stop sending the letters.
Mona Lisa. A series of grisly deaths have fallen upon villages along the coast. The victims have varied in terms of age, race, and gender with seemingly nothing connecting the brutal murders. The only coincidence is each victim had the same type of painting with whimsical depictions of Asmodeus and devils in their home.
What It Takes. Your chosen god’s place of worship reached an agreement with a talented sculptor, Ilse. For a substantial sum of gold, Ilse has agreed to travel to the place of worship to create a masterwork that is certain to draw crowds from across the realm. He has requested a religious escort so that god’s inspiration stays with him throughout the long journey; in addition, he fears he is vulnerable on the open roads because of a disease that resulted in the loss of his legs as a child. You have been asked to travel with Ilse and escort him safely to the place of worship.
Lemon Scent. Recently, local fields have emanated a sweet scent that is bothering residents and irritating livestock. Thus far, no one has been able to locate the source of the smell. The local healer, Brother Stojan, has requested help as his prayers continue to go unanswered. He remains flummoxed about the origin of the odor and has been convinced at times that it is either blowing in from the east or seeping up through the earth below.
One Day We’ll Make It Big. While traveling along a well-traveled road, you come across a pair of young scholars, Jonah and Bedelia. They inform you their horse fell lame days ago while they were traveling to the citadel. They are both bursting with ideas about studying at the university and using their knowledge to advance medicine. Can young people be so earnest and ambitious in times like these? They ask for assistance in completing their travel to the citadel.
Sorry for It All. A necromancer, Michi Vieth, has surrendered himself to your god’s place of worship. He appears to sincerely regret his choices in life and details the number of experiments and spells he has used to control the dead. The origin of his remorse remains unclear, and he speaks of an underground laboratory that he fled as he lost control over his creations. You have been tasked with getting more information from Michi, if possible, and cleansing his underground laboratory.
Lovesick. A young elf, Khishal, is despondent as he cannot find his love interest. He explains in glowing terms how he was swept up in a whirlwind romance with another elf, Jozelfina. He was last with her as they camped in a nearby forest together for several days; when he awoke one morning, she was gone without a trace. He claims to have gone all over town asking for help and no one is willing to assist, so he has turned to your place of worship as a final resort. What Khishal does not know is that his newfound love is a dryad.
Whispers & Ashes. A widower, Lemrand, is asking for help as he no longer feels capable of completing a quest. In much earlier years, he traveled the realm as a Bard along with his spouse, an accomplished harpist. Lemrand had his spouse and his favorite harp cremated into a decorative urn. As he is too weak for the journey in his older age, he asks you to take the urn to spread the ashes at two locations that were special to him and his partner in their young life together. One of those locations has now become overrun with foul creatures.
Something Good. A temple to your chosen god in a bustling city finds itself mostly empty as citizens have given up the faith amidst an increase in crime, poverty, and overall wretchedness. You have been tasked by local clergy to engage in grand, public deeds to inspire the people who religion continues to be a worthy pursuit and answer for contemporary ills. Can you make enough of a spectacle of doing good deeds to bring people back to the faith?
Times to Remember. Usually active in social circles, Queen Mariel has not been seen in public for weeks. Her last known appearance was to the magnificent Church of Corellon, where she was seen speaking in an animated fashion with a priest. The priest introduced a relic to the queen, and the queen excitedly donated a handsome sum to the church to obtain the relic for her private collection. Unbeknownst to others outside her closest advisers, the queen has been asleep since bringing the relic into her home. No one is aware that the relic is imbued with powerful fey magic, which has the ability to transport one’s consciousness to prior pleasant memories in vivid detail. The result for one untrained in this magic item can be – intoxicating.
Test on My Patience. Father McCullough speaks with you in private about a matter causing him concern. He speaks of a parishioner in church that continues to ask for the same outlandish blessing each week, “She fears she will drown, and asks for a Cloak of The Manta Ray. There isn’t a body of water within miles! I can only be polite in so many ways to redirect this request.” Father McCullough asks you to speak with the parishioner to see if you can put an end to these specific prayer requests.
I Said You Were Lucky. A halfling, Falco Hoford, has been causing quite a stir in town of late. Previously well-known in town as an affable risk taker, he has taken to gambling with other townsfolk by making outlandish bets. Regardless of how low the odds are of success, Falco continues to win these bets. No one has been able to prove any sort of foul play, though people who have lost a good deal of coin or belongings to Falco complain about him in your chosen place of worship while confessing their gambling sins and lamenting their fortunes. You have been asked to speak with Falco to stop this behavior. Only Falco knows that he was granted this unnatural knack for luck during a recent encounter with a djinni.
Timed Blues. During the past week, a sense of dread and despair falls over the village when the sun dips under the horizon. The sobs and wails from the villagers can be heard for miles throughout the night. However, the melancholy lifts when the sun rises, and villagers feel a renewed sense of joy and optimism. You have been asked to uncover the cause of this nighttime torment and put an end to it.
On your masters’ deathbed he tells you of a brother that still lives deep in hostile territory in the frozen north, to complete your training you must seek him out.
You were placed as a bodyguard for a VIP at your temple, you failed and must prove that it was a set up by a jealous rival student to clear your name.
(Every 80s kids favorite) you are bullied by bigger older students of a monk school, saved by an old gardener/maintenance worker and trained in the ancient ways of Ki to teach them a lesson. PS, they are blonde, wealthy, jerks, and good-looking so you know they are bad guys.
Doing your chores one day you dig up an old amulet that is cursed with the spirit of a long-dead warrior. You put it on to admire yourself and are endowed with all the memories and skills of this warrior, what do you do now?
Having sworn to never use your skills again after a tragic accident, you retire to a simple the life in a small town, only to find that your old shogun will stop at nothing to get you back. If the shogun can’t have you, then no one can.
Having lost the use of your hands, you overhear a bard singing of a Dwarf blacksmith that has unlocked the secret of the Iron Fists, you believe that this is the key to get your self-worth back.
You are hired to protect an orphanage from a marauding horde of hyenas, and gnolls, led by a vrock. All your years of training have prepared you for this.
You stumble across a newborn baby floating down a river in a basket, with it is a pouch of 500 gold, and a note to please safeguard it till its 18th birthday; at that time, you are to see the child safely back to the kingdom to claim the child’s rightful place on the throne.
You are a noble that got mixed up in the wrong crowd and find yourself buried alive, in your desperation, you discover your Ki and escape your grave now free to do what you will and to extract your revenge.
Your family and village were raised in front of you by a warlord ransacking the countryside, you as a child then sold to slavery, as you grew you were trained to the art of hand to hand combat for others entertainment, now you are free what do you do?
Having passed all the levels of your training you are now ready to train a new generation, on a trip to visit your family your ship is lost in a storm you wake up in a strange land.
All the leaders in the land have united against a shadowy threat forming and posed to take over the world, your destiny has been clear since your birth that you are the one to lead 4 great heroes to face and vanquish this evil.
Growing up as an orphan on the streets you would often beg across from a monastery, growing up watching them train you to find that you to have learned the ways of the monks.
You are part of a group of monks trained to protect and stop anyone from miss using an ancient portal, you discover there is a long-running plot almost ready to be completed be cultists that have infiltrated your order and seek to crack open this portal and unleash what is locked behind it.
You retire to watch over your children after the loss of your spouse, when a bested but not vanquished foe from your past rears its ugly head and kidnaps your children.
You live in a large lake town led by a greedy Mayor, this person’s greed and lust for magic items has brought the eye and wrath of a group of Oni down upon your town and its children.
You have been sent a letter that your master has been slain by a master of a rival school, you are the only one left that can stop the takeover of your school now.
You have heard stories of a haunted Dojo in the swamps and that there are still many items of value left behind.
A local drug gang has noticed your lack of respect for the local law and their rules and has invited you to a meeting, having broken up several of the gangs’ past dealings this may be a trap under the guise of an olive branch.
Your sister has been commissioned to deliver ten barrels of rice wine the best in the land for the capitals winter fest, a rival maker will stop at nothing to stop the delivery and make her look bad.
A magic staff has been planted in a large rock at the center of the capital, it is said that the warrior that can pull the rod from its resting place will be the ruler.
Home for the Holidays. A young scholar needs an escort from their school through the wilderness of your favored terrain back to their home village for a traditional celebration, and your favored enemy’s activity has been on the rise in the region, making the journey perilous.
Timing is Everything. A magical flower with rumored healing powers blooms only once a year in a remote glade in the shadow of Trimount when the light of twin full moons pierces the darkness of the mountain, and a sage wants a sample for their botanical research.
Myth Becomes Reality. Local legend tells of Goldhorn, a white ibex with horns of brilliant gold that are the key to discovering a hidden treasure, but hunters who have pursued the beast in the past all met unfortunate ends according to myths told by the folk of the area.
Pitiless Protector. The beasts of the forest have become increasingly aggressive, and even the plant life has grown dangerous, after a madness infected the wood woad deep within whose heart tree grows from the gravesite of the druid circle that created it.
Fane of the Frost Wyrm. The chieftain of the Frost Wyrm Clan has heard of your exploits and invites you to join in their Great Hunt — an expedition to track down and defeat a remorhaz in their arctic homeland as part of a rite of passage.
Danger Among the Dunes. Travellers along a desert trade route have started to go missing, and it turns out a lamia is using a powerful magical item to cast mirage arcane to create an illusion of an oasis to lure victims into its grasp.
Enemy of My Enemy is My…Enemy? Your favored enemy, normally kept in check, has been growing more aggressive lately and you discover an even greater danger threatening them, causing the uncharacteristic behavior.
Spawn of the Star Toad. Cultists devoted to a froghemoth lurk in the sewers, kidnapping vagrants and feeding them to the star toad’s spawn to cultivate its progeny and transform the tunnels into a swampy lair for their abhorrent master.
Weirder Things. A child from the village went missing, and their friends went into the deepest, darkest parts of the forest to try and find them but the same nothic who abducted their friend now imperils the young adventurers.
What Nobility Wants. A messenger arrives in a frontier town, proclaiming the land is now part of a barony granted to a knight who plans to divert the nearby river for tactical reasons, which would have a severe impact on the town and the environment.
But It Was There Last Week! Returning to a familiar hamlet for supplies and to check on the folk there, the entire place is missing as if it were never there at all with no trace of the people or buildings remaining and the surrounding plant life in full bloom — but it’s winter.
Here, Kitty Kitty. Drawn by an unusual mewling sound, you find two kittens crying out of fear and hunger but they’re no ordinary kittens — their fur is purple-black and they have six legs and two nubs on their shoulders — but how did these displacer beast kitties get here and what happens when mom comes looking for them?
Caravan of Cruelty. Slavers are returning to their remote stronghold after a successful raid with cages full of captives to be sold, and confronting the terrible slavers without any of the captives getting harmed in the process will be difficult — but no one should live in chains! (Alternatively could be drow returning to the Underdark after a successful raid on the surface world.)
Not All Who Are Lost Are Wanderers. Far from civilization, a lost woman is distraught and says she does not remember how she got out here…but the woman is actually a night hag who will haunt the ranger’s dreams and attempt to corrupt or kill them in their sleep during the trek back to settled lands.
Hunter’s Feast. A group of hunters set up camp in the woods and offer a place to rest and a warm meal, except you are the meal when they reveal themselves as werewolves and attack!
Extreme Environmentalism. Seeping emanations from the Shadowfell corrupted a dryad’s tree, pushing her to take on extreme methods to protect the area and those she kills are thrown into a midden heap that’s become a shambling mound.
With Foxes We Must Play the Fox. A fox is caught in a bear trap, and a hungry pack of wolves is moving in for the kill but if you can defeat or drive off the pack and free the fox it shapeshifts into a thankful druid who grants a boon.
Equal Pay for Equal Work. Two groups square off in the wilderness over a pile of treasure, with a group of adventurers claiming ownership for destroying a gnoll encampment and a group of bandits demanding a share for saving them from certain death even though no help was asked for.
Bravery or Foolishness? In order to become a knight and fulfill a lifelong dream, a young warrior is tasked with slaying a green dragon but despite their prowess they’re in over their heads unless you help them.
Haunted By the Past. The ghost of a veteran soldier haunts the spot where they and the knights under his command were killed by a terrible beast, filling the apparition with guilt and remorse that their decision led to the group’s death and no one from their homeland knows their fate.
An adventuring group asks you to open a chest for them, it’s empty, but they don’t believe you and think you stole its contents.
The local magistrate wants someone to be gotten rid of ‘quietly’, so they hire you, but then you realize you are the intended target.
You use Mage Hand to pickpocket a wizard’s spell book, which contains dark magic; you think nothing of it until someone close to you dies under mysterious circumstances.
A local noble hires you to spy on his enemy who is gathering righteous forces; to do so you have to impersonate a paladin.
A healer needs money; she asks you wound, but not kill, several people so that she can heal them and split the profits with you.
A party hired you to deal with traps, then left you for dead; you escaped and are ready to get even.
A ranger scout on an opposing side spots you alone in a thick forest, and a deadly game of hide and seek ensues.
A party is auditioning for a thief; the task, steal the jeweled necklace of a local nobleman’s wife, which she never takes off.
Members of your old guild are disappearing when a mysterious note appears in handwriting you recognize and asks you to meet.
A fellow Rogue inadvertently tries out a new form of poison on you…
You awake stripped of all your equipment and weapons; you must escape using only your skills.
A lout at a bar challenges you to a dagger throwing contest, and you win his dagger only to find out that it is cursed.
The only way to get to something you need to steal is by an opening only a child could fit through, what do you do?
A man is certain that his wife is cheating on him and wants proof, he will only pay you for proof. You find out that she isn’t cheating, but is rather attractive…
A dragon suspects a rogue stole from his hoard and tells you to find out who or he’ll roast you.
A lord hires you to attend a dinner party for his noble. He wants you to steal something special from each one of the guests.
You are hired to assassinate a local rabble-rouser; when you got to his home, he isn’t there, but his daughter catches you there.
A member of your party finds things of theirs missing and blames you; you scoff, but the items are found among your belongings.
An anonymous person hires you to test out the traps they set to protect their dungeon, but it turns out to be an old rival who is trying to trap you.
You wake up, hung over, to find out several people were stabbed by daggers, a few died, in a tavern brawl and you are being blamed.
The children of the surround farmland have been disappearing, some say a satyr play his flute just on the edge of the woods, enticing them to join his dance.
Despite the disappearing members and strange accidents happening around the traveling circus, the troupe seeks new headliners for this evening’s show.
A haunting melody rouses the party from their sleep to see a ghostly veiled woman drifting towards a pond, beckoning the party with her hand before sinking below the water.
Drunken revelry draws the party’s attention to  a crowd of townsfolk gathered round a fighting pit, the betting pot valuing a small fortune.
The whole town decorated in fresh flowers and summer banners, many walls and posts are littered with fliers detailing a competition on the center stage, winner receives a hefty some of gold and a masterwork instrument by a local craftsman.
Many musicians have been disappearing from town, rumor has it a devilish creature stalks through the streets at night with his corpse band chained to his side.
A young red dragon with a belled collar around its neck comes bounding through the woods near the party, followed by an out of breath young elf singing an off-key lullaby in an attempt to soothe the beast .
The thieves guild has got a big score lined up from a nobles manor, and they’re willing to give the party a cut if a big diversion is made in the market district.
After a long evening of celebrating their latest victory, the party finds their pockets and sheaths empty with the vague memory of one of the tavern names that they had visited.
The streets are littered with a variety of statues locked in expressions of fear, in the town square large stone beings gather up statues, dragging them towards the keep.
A symphony of terrified screams brings the party’s attention to a large troll walking down the city street, peering through doorways and windows looking for someone.
Desperate, a baron seeks local performers in an attempt to make his bride smile.
A woman follows the party wherever they go, claiming to be the bard’s daughter.
It is an annual tradition for a musician to enter the catacombs perform a song to soothe the restless dead, with a necromancer claiming the area as his own, no musicians have been willing to enter the dead infested underground, and the deadline is fast approaching.
The party stumbles upon a slaughtered caravan, the only survivor, fast asleep among the carnage is a blood covered old man with scars over where his ears should be. As the party approaches, the old man opens his eyes, and a toothy grin spreads across  his face as he transforms into a hideous abomination.
While building a new addition onto the lord’s manor, the workmen discovered a series of tunnels underneath the household as well as a gray cow-like beast with milky eyes guarding them, at least that’s what the surviving woman claimed to his lordship. A reward has been posted to all the surrounding towns for anyone who can slay the beast.
In a run-down tavern, a huntsman recounts finding a carved door surrounded by small shards of glass and other found objects set into a hillside, he swears the door opened a crack when the birds were singing.
A neatly written letter is delivered by courier detailing out a plea by a well-renowned songstress, believing someone is going to make an attempt on her life, asking the party to protect her or take her place on stage.
When performing in a local tavern, a finely dressed heckler insults the bard’s performance. If confronted, it will be revealed that the heckler is in fact the duke that rules over the surrounding land, and will call for the arrest of the party, and will try to have them run out-of-town.
In danger of losing his position as royal court jester, the old fool begs the party to help him perform a simple play of three old maids for his lord. In return, he promises to reward the party his grandfather’s prized possession.